[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a post-apocalyptic
horror film here alone
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
alright guys have you ever been sick of
the boring movie plots and hormone games
that you're watching or playing at home
all day long
why not switch to something really cool
like world of warships
world of warships is a free sea battle
game available for pc
it's team-based and requires different
tactics and strategies to defeat your
enemy and win a battle
the game features more than 400
historical ships
of four different types for your choice
but you can easily customize your own
ships the way you like
and send them to the alive and realistic
battlefield made of beautiful maps and
unique living landscapes
inside the world of warships with over
44 million players globally
you can easily learn how to build up
your team spirit and accrue your battle
skills quickly out of the fierce sea
battles
that's how cool it sounds you can get
access to world of warships by clicking
the link in the description below
in the registration new players can
input the code boom
to enjoy a huge starter pack for free
those include 200 doubloons
two ships saint louis and premium ship
enden
20x restless fire camouflage 2.5 million
credits
and seven days of premium account so
check the game out for fun
a terrible virus has spread worldwide
resulting in only a few animals
surviving
and some of the survivors turning into
bloodthirsty zombified carriers
what's more it's found that the infected
will break out in a rash quickly
given there's danger everywhere in the
city and her husband and their baby
daughter flee into the woods
where her husband is really in his
element as he was raised in a forest
and knows how to survive off the land
once they settle down
he starts to teach and some survival
knowledge of the wilderness for he can't
protect them all the time
and gradually gets a good knowledge
about edible insects and wild fruits
which are a good alternative in the case
of food shortage
in addition she learns how to shoot so
as to protect herself better
and how to look to the soils for weather
predictions
soon food stores run dangerously low
as it's unlikely to survive on eating
wild fruits alone
the husband ventures out in search of
supplies
one night he comes back covered in blood
and describes what just happened to him
in a place he found many foods but also
a horde of zombies eating corpses around
there
the zombies were unaware that he was
there at first but right after he hurt
himself
accidentally they keenly smelled his
blood and came to attack him
thankfully he got out of there in time
after that
he's sure that zombies locate humans by
smells
and therefore they should figure out how
to cover their hormones sent from
zombies
however due to lack of nutrition and bad
living conditions
the daughter gets a fever meaning that
somebody has to go fetch some medicine
at the drugstore
with anne's help the husband coats
himself in mud and
so as to mask his scent before leaving
but after a long time
he still hasn't returned considering the
daughter badly needs medicines
and goes find him but breaks down
halfway as she can only see her
husband's lifeless
icy body and is heartbroken but has to
move on
still the medicine is found on him and
and backtracks to the camp with it in
his shotgun
then the daughter's fever abates after
taking the medicine
although anne is still mourning his
husband's death she has to face up to
such a harsh life
and makes the desperate journey outside
to forage for food alone
meanwhile the daughter is left inside
the car covered with branches
one day on getting inside a house and
discovers a zombie having his dinner
she cleanly shoots him but unaware of
her coat being splashed with some
zombies blood
then she leaves there after getting some
food sadly while she takes the crying
daughter in her
arms the daughter gets infected from
sucking the zombies blood
soon and notices the rash on the
daughter and figures out what happened
to her baby
but it's too late not knowing what to do
and gets panicked and scared
and turns to use hot towels to wipe the
rash again and again
hoping the virus can be killed that way
which however
is not helpful at all if the virus is
left to infect the whole body
the daughter will suffer far more after
thinking it over
and feeds the daughter crushed
painkillers mixed with her blood
but the daughter dies at last and anne
feels guilty about it
while dealing with the trauma of losing
her family and struggles to survive
alone
she collects her own feces and coats
herself in them every time before
venturing out
one day before sneaking into a house and
hangs a radio up on the wire fence
and smears her blood on then the zombies
nearby are drawn to gather around the
radio
which will buy her more time in
searching the house for supplies
however she only finds some canned food
there and later cuts her belly by the
iron wire
while leaving the damn place suddenly
the zombies are all attracted by her
blood
and come charging at her and races back
like hell
before she can grab the canned food back
to the camp
she sews up the wound and continues
searching for food when having rested
enough
shortly after anne comes across teenage
olivia and her stepfather
the stepfather is seriously wounded and
unconscious
and approaches them warily and puts down
the gun until olivia proves him
uninfected by showing he hasn't got a
rash
out of sympathy anne takes the helpless
olivia and her stepfather back to the
camp
olivia tells anne that the rest of her
family were all killed
due to the zombie attack though she and
the stepfather narrowly escaped
then anne opens up her camp to them and
takes olivia to look for food
and collect feces out in the woods
before the father recovers consciousness
coming to his senses the father says
that the epidemic had been contained in
the north
and therefore he intends to head north
with olivia moreover he invites and to
join them
since they can drive her car and get
there faster
however anne says the car doesn't have
enough gas to make it
and more importantly she won't leave the
place where her family are buried
hearing that he says nothing more the
next morning the stepfather is about to
leave with olivia
when the rain pours down knowing the
weather will turn worse
he has to delay the departure and anne
shares her food with them
while the stepfather and anne grow close
olivia is unhappy about that
because she also has a crush on her
stepfather one day
the three of them go fishing there the
stepfather says a lot to anne that it is
a good feeling
for they both suffer the pain of losing
loved ones and sympathize with each
other
and that although he feels guilty about
killing his zombified wife to save
olivia
he has been trying to move on and
remembers the good times to be less
pessimistic and knows he can do that for
he is pretty rational
but in her case she still can't let go
of her family's tragic deaths by far
and would never forgive herself for
killing her daughter over time
and is influenced by this man but she
still doesn't want to leave the place
on the other side olivia repeatedly
tells the stepfather she want to leave
soon
but he always says they should prepare
enough food for their journey before
leaving
actually he has fallen for anne and
doesn't want to leave her alone
therefore he keeps finding reasons to
stick around longer
finally olivia can't help but ask him if
he has to take and to head north
together
the father doesn't deny it and just
replies that anne is a great survivalist
and a responsible person
and if anne joins them it's good for all
of them since anne will definitely take
good care of olivia
then olivia says nothing more for she
knows he likes anna indeed
so she decides to do something to win
him back one night olivia
waits in his tent stark naked and
intends to tell him she wants to be his
lover
rather than his stepdaughter however the
stepfather doesn't come back to his tent
rather going find anne as he hates to
continue hiding his hormone feelings for
anne
has a hormone mature female and knows
what he wants in no time
and desires for his smelly hormones as
well
then it takes the two lonely but horny
souls to play an intense
but lightning fast hormone game while
olivia is bitterly disturbed to hear
their hormone noises
after bundling herself up in a blanket
olivia leaves the camp alone
but soon after encounters a zombie
before having gone far
while in the car the nasty two are still
snuggling then the stepfather suggests
and should leave in his opinion it means
only death to stay in the same place
just like anne's family hearing that and
turns angry
and gets out of the car she soon finds
olivia has gone
when being about to look around for
olivia they hear her screams and rush in
that direction
the stepfather knocks the zombie to the
ground and wants to help but finds her
gun is not loaded
the stepfather grabs the gun and strikes
the zombie dead with the gun butt
instead of blaming olivia and takes her
back to the camp to dress her wounds
later the stepfather insists they set
out tomorrow since he can say for sure
that more zombies will find this place
sooner or later
but anne still can't let go of the fact
that she is responsible for her
daughter's death
and can accept that she betrays her dead
family and leaves them alone to save
herself
the stepfather doesn't give up
explaining that anne is punishing
herself by holding on to the unpleasant
past
and her family would not want her to
waste her life in that way
at last anne agrees to leave and visits
her family's graves to say goodbye
before leaving they plan to scavenge for
more food on a nearby farm
in front of the farmhouse the stepfather
smears his blood on the body
and runs away to create a diversion to
the zombies
meanwhile anna and olivia are supposed
to go fetch food
inside the house however olivia acts as
a drag on the mission
and strangely moves around but not grabs
food
suddenly olivia hits anne and ties her
up and then runs right away
after screaming out loud to attract the
zombies
before bad things happen and freeze
herself
and pours urine all over her body to
cover her hormone smell immediately
soon she finds some zombies out there
without any hesitation
she hides into a fridge until the
zombies are all gone
when olivia joins up with the stepfather
beside the car
some zombies follow her to the place and
try to attack them
and the stepfather struggles hard to
battle with the rampaging zombies
fortunately and hurries back to the car
in time however
at that critical moment she can save
only one of them with one gun and it's
really hard for her to make a decision
in the final scene the stepfather dies
due to the zombie attack
showing that anne makes her choice to
save olivia instead of her fast and
shitty hormone partner
shortly after anne drives away with
olivia leaving the bloodthirsty
zombified land
but heading north for a hormone thirsty
unknown world
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out